Error for using positional member that is hidden (#52660)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/compilers/CSharp/Compiler Breaking Changes - post DotNet 5.md

        return a ?? (b ? 1 : 2);
    }
    ```

3. https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/52630 In C# 9 (.NET 5, Visual Studio 16.9), it is possible that a record uses a hidden member from a base type as a positional member. In Visual Studio 16.10, this is now an error:
```csharp
record Base
{
    public int I { get; init; }
}

> record Derived(int I) // error: The positional member `Base.I` found corresponding to parameter `I` is hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
record Derived(int I) // error: The positional member 'Base.I' found corresponding to this parameter is hidden.
```
